Adding an if-then-else syntax to Ltac2. (#13232)
coq/coq: doc/changelog/05-tactic-language/13232-ltac2-if-then-else.rst

- **Added:**

>   Added an if-then-else syntax to Ltac2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Add an if-then-else construct to Ltac2
```

Reviewer 2: Or even remove the "Add" part since it's already present in bold:
```suggestion
  An if-then-else syntax to Ltac2
```
